## intent: ask_advise 
 - ive tried [ignoring](parent reaction) her, [being nice](parent reaction), [shouting](parent reaction) and nothing works. bathtime the other night was awful. she [refused](tantrum reason) to go in. she stood [screaming](intensity) and [hitting](intensity) me while [i got upset](parent sentiment) and sat and cried. i feel like a [total failure](parent sentiment).
 - im starting to feel that he is a [ticking time bomb](intensity) that i [dont know](parent sentiment) how to diffuse
 -  started wondering maybe [daddy gives into](familypartner involvement) everything and just finding that level to be consistent and [not give in](parent reaction) for an easy ride
 - two days ago it was because i had started to walk up the stairs behind her with baby in my arms. she [went nuts](intensity) and tried to [push me](intensity) down the stairs and started [thrashing](intensity) around so had to [carry her up](parent reaction) remaining stairs one handed to avoid her throwing us all down half a flight of stairs. fun
 - the worst tantrums [tend](timing) to happen mid morning when he has been awake for approx 2 hours (he takes 1 nap per day, at lunchtime). they [usually](timing) relate to him [wanting something](tantrum reason) (e.g. a box, utensil) and if it is not possible to give it to him, he has an [epic meltdown](intensity) which lasts until i [distract](parent reaction) him completely (e.g. taking him out in the carbuggy)
 - i have a 2 year old and i usually just [dont give in](parent reaction) to what he wants during an [outburst](intensity) and just [ignore](parent reaction) him until he uses his manners. 
 - now, seemingly out of nowhere, she will decide that she [needs something](tantrum reason). so she will go straight to full tantrum [meltdown mode](intensity) and start [screaming](intensity) i need insert thing here over and over and over, while [crying](intensity), [hitting furniture](intensity), [growling](intensity), and [trying to breathe](intensity).
 - on the subject of tantrums, we went to a secondhand baby stuff [sale](setting) yesterday and ds1 [howled](intensity) till we [bought him](parent reaction) some george pig wellies. theyre too small for him but for 2 i thought it was worth it to keep the peace
 - every once in a while, taking him into a [different room](parent reaction) can reset things, but usually once it starts, it continues to a [fullblown](intensity) tantrum[stamping](intensity) and [kicking](intensity) and [throwing himself](intensity) on the floor and [hitting his head](intensity) 
 - last night it was [90 minutes](length) of [screaming](intensity) and [kicking](violent) then she woke up this morning and within 5 minutes she was screaming again. i am finding [i cant concentrate](parent sentiment) on anything else and [feel really down](parent sentiment).
 - but i did have to leave an indoor [playground](setting) after he was giving me a [hard time](intensity) and being [aggressive](intensity) to other kids. but that was an [epic meltdown](intensity)timeout that i can remember
 - it has escalated to the point where [daddy has to](tantrum reason) be the one to change the diaper, [daddys the one](tantrum reason) that can soothe the boo boo etc. if i try to do it myself, or even come close, she would throw a tantrum, and even become [violent](intensity) towards me
 - just today she has thrown a [massive](intensity) tantrum at breakfast, and then another one at lunch. she wouldnt even get in her chair at lunch and rolled around on the floor [howling](intensity). [i left her](parent reaction) to it for a bit, then got her into the chair, then she had a few mouthfuls and as soon as i asked her to use the spoon she started again.
 - my 22 month old has the most awful tantrums over nothing. she goes from being lovey to being [terrifying](intensity). i cant pacify her and she lashes out. she has [scratched](intensity) both me and my husband.
im really at my [wits end](parent sentiment) now, i was [in tears](parent sentiment) earlier as i cant do anything to help her. anything i suggest during mid tantrum she arches her back and [screams](intensity), i try and [cuddle](parent reaction) her, again she arches her back and [goes mental](intensity). i wince when she comes near me as she [hits](intensity) and [scratches](intensity).
 - the most concerning is when i leave for work. these days im working half the time in the basement office, the other half out of the house. if he [doesnt get](tantrum reason) a hug and a kiss before i go, he [loses his mind](intensity). hes been out on the back porch for [15 minutes screaming](length)
 - we are [struggling](parent sentiment) with tantrums like you wouldnt believe she turns into this [devil child](intensity) its [insane](intensity) you cant [tell her no](tantrum reason), other wise she pouts and will go to [hit](intensity) you or [spit](intensity) at you
 - or if its really bad because he is tired, i just put him down for [a nap].
 - tantrums 
 -  i am starting to [resent this child](parent sentiment) and i know that this is wildly unhealthy
 - my 17 month old is having a meltdown over a bottle of perfume i would [not let her](tantrum reason) drink. she is [throwing herself](intensity) on the floor and [kicking](intensity) her feet. everytime i look at her she tells me to stop. and i feel bad because i cant help but laugh. i think its someones [nap time](tantrum reason)
 - ds is 2.6mths, has [dummy](tantrum reason) which he loves [i hate](parent sentiment) we try to only restrict it to bedtime but he wants it all day long and dh is a pushover and [gives in](parent reaction) at the last minute. the tantrums this causes are [massive](intensity) and [long lasting](length) (can last into hrs). it is for this reason i want to get rid of it but think itll be our biggest challenge yet
we have talked about the dummy fairy coming and taking all dummies and maybe leaving a [present](parent reaction). i get the usual no mummy.
 - ive just wrestled my 2 year old round the [floor](setting) trying to [cut her nails](tantrum reason) and she [screamed](intensity) like i was trying to cut her toes off. im so [angry](parent sentiment) about this now. shes [never](timing) let me do it and so i always have to [file them](parent reaction), which she still hates. but she looks like shes almost getting ingrowing toenails nothing will coerce her  ive tried everything. i just had to wrap her in a [blanket](parent reaction) and try to get a few.

i feel so [angry](parent sentiment) shell end up in the drs with ingrowing toenails at this rate.

 - i give him [small spankings](parent reaction) with his shorts on and he does not react to them, if he does, he usually laughs. 
 - [i read](parent sentiment) we are supposed to be [comforting](parent reaction) him but he wont let us. beyond being [physically violent](intensity), he [yells](intensity) at us to leave and that he wants us to be sad. if we do offer to leave or go to leave he yells at us for that to. if we try and [be passive](parent reaction) and not acknowledge what hes currently screaming about then he yells at us to talk. if we talk to him he yells at us not to talk

 -  shes a very [intense](intensity) little person, [loud and corky](intensity)

 - hes [sweating](intensity), [redfaced](intensity), and [screaming](intensity) with all his might. hed take a big hurky [gasping breath](intensity), [scream](intensity), [gasp](intensity), scream, rinse, and repeat. nothing i offered would satisfy him and i finally just sat down next to him and [waited it out]
 - i feel like a [bad parent](parent sentiment) if i am not picking him up every single second, but at the same time....i know he has to get used to frustration so i sorta of just [ignore it](parent reaction). sometimes hell [throw a fit](intensity) and wont even let me touch him but once hes kinda gotten over it hell come back and lay his head on my knee or something
 - by tantrum i mean, one thing gets her going and then 15 minutes later shes [rolling on the ground](intensity) and [screaming](intensity) like she needs in [exorcism](intensity)
 - she will often [hit her head](intensity) on the floor [very hard](intensity) and will [not stop](length) until she is picked up.
 - i am at the end of [my tether](parent sentiment) and [dont know](parent sentiment) how to manage my 26month old boy. he is a [nightmare](intensity) from the minute he wakes up everything is a [challenge](intensity). he [screams](intensity), [kicks](intensity), [hits](intensity) us and sister. 
 - for the [last 2 days](timing) she has a [massive](intensity), [full on](intensity) [screaming](intensity) tantrum when she asks for [bf](tantrum reason) and she [doesnt get it](tantrum reason) immediately.
 - shes [just hit the age](timing) where she starts timing throwing tantrums
 - it [causes fights](parentfamily involvement) between my husband and i, and we hardly ever fightespecially over parenting 
 -  ds1 is 2.6 and has [recently](timing) started having little tantrums when we [refuse](tantrum reason) something etc. after about [a minute](length) of him sobbing head down on the floor, he usually gets up and asks for a [cuddle](parent reaction) which i do...then he usually forgets what he was tantrumming about.
 - i do my best to tell her we cant climb on the rope bridge right now but [we can](parent reaction) play in the sand, climb on rocks or go down the slide
 - we (think) we have tried everything  [holding](parent reaction), [reassuring](parent reaction), [surprising](parent reaction), moving her into [different surroundings](parent reaction), using [tvmusicsinging](parent reaction).

 - she [wont get out](tantrum reason) of the [bath](setting) and so i have to just [lift her out](parent reaction) and [carry her](parent reaction) from the bathroom [screaming](intensity). nothing will help, no [temptation](parent reaction) (fave story) no drying off all the bath toys first etc.
 -  she will hold my hand at first for about 2 minutes and then decides she is going to let go and walk a different way. when she [refuses to](tantrum reason) come with me and i go to pick her up she makes her body go in shapes that are really difficult to hold and tries to [lie down](intensity) on the floor.
 - ds [refused](tantrum reason) his dinner and [screamed](intensity) for pudding the whole time.
 - if daddy gives a [bath](setting), he will whine and [cry for mommy](tantrum reason) to wash him
 - i cant drop my dd off at nursery because [every time](timing) she throws a tantrum and seems very upset, when dh takes her she is never happy to [be left](tantrum reason) but accepts it but neither reaction seems right to me. shes happy up to the point of [being left](tantrum reason) there and is always happily playing when we get her, sometimes wants to stay longer etc. 
 - our family life is [miserable](parent sentiment)
 - recently, he was at chikfila with my husband at close to [nap time](tantrum reason) and they closed the play area due to a mess that needed to be cleaned up. 
 - dd went [ape shit](intensity) once because i [wouldnt let her](tantrum reason) hug the neighbours blue wheelie bin. 
 - ds1 threw a [corker of a tantrum](intensity) today when i tried to bring him indoors at the [farm](setting) wed gone to  it was freezing cold, i was starving and he was overdue a nappy change, but would he leave the ruddy sandpit not until i carried him away [screeching](intensity) and [thrashing](intensity) with rage...
 - our dd (23 months) has little fits and shouts [quite a bit](timing) (shes quite demanding) but we too [ignore](parent reaction) the unwanted behaviour or say no we dont shout etc then once she has exhausted herself or the fit is over she will usually want a cuddle and shell usually say sorry mummy 
 - we could not get her to sit still. plane starts taxiing and she starts [screaming](intensity). in the end i had to [hug her](parent reaction) tight to me, holding her legs and arms while we took off and she [screamed](intensity)
 - i notice that he does it when he is [angryoverwhelmed](tantrum reason) and i wish i had something to [distract](parent reaction) him when this happens.
 - when i go to [wake her](tantrum reason) and get her out buggy or car, her most common reaction is to [scream uncontrollably](intensity), [throw herself](intensity) around on the floor, [kicking](intensity) , [screaming](intensity) etc. it is [awful](parent sentiment) to watch and dd2 (about to be 2) is very scared. this genrally goes on for [5  10 mins](length), but sometimes [longer](length).
 - [screaming](intensity) not eating
 - my wife and i are pretty consistent with discipline and handle tantrums [calmly](parent reaction) and mostly sternly until they are over. we [never give into](parent reaction) what she wants
 - sweet jesus ladies, just dealt with the most [epic](intensity) [meltdown](intensity), she really [scared me](parent sentiment), she was completely [out of control](intensity). she hurt herself, [hurt me](intensity) and [threw everything](intensity) she could get her hands on. no particular trigger, she just wanted everything and then the opposite of everything, switching between them every 10 seconds or so.
 - tantrums
 - ds went through a phrase of proper [screaming](intensity) tantrums with [kicking](intensity) legs abc lying on floor between 18 mo and 2. i found totally [ignoring](parent reaction) him and moving away and being busy with something else worked the best. i would say to him  oh dear, i will be over here doing x when you ve finished having your baby tantrum and literally [walk off](parent reaction). 
 - she then has tantrums if i tell her not to do something she [screams](intensity), [throws herself](intensity) on the floor hard, [bangs her head](intensity) intentionally then cries even more sometimes i think [i cant do this anymore](parent sentiment) and i feel [i cant look after her anymore](parent sentiment) no word of a lie.
 - people stood and [stared](parent sentiment), mouths open. we got to the car and i couldnt get him in the car seat because he was [fighting me](intensity) so we sat in the car for 15 minutes until he calmed down
 - if [he wants](tantrum reason) to walk in a certain direction and we stop him he just [lies down](intensity). when we try to put him back in his buggy he goes [nuts](intensity) im [sick of it](parent sentiment) already and its only been a few days

 - noticed in the [last few weeks](timing) that when he wakes from a nap at [home](setting) he is [inconsolable](intensity). nothing calms him except putting on the [tv](parent reaction). 
 - he then just completely [hysterically](intensity) kicked off and absolutely nothing we could do would calm him down. we tried [ignoring](parent reaction) and [showing no emotion](parent reaction) (which normally works) but then he started [throwing things](intensity) and [trashing](intensity) the bedroom. 
 - ds2 once threw [such a tantrum](intensity) while we were visiting my friend, his godmother, walking in and out of the kitchen, [screaming](intensity) at us, [storming](intensity) out, storming in, [throwing himself](intensity) down on the ground, [worked himself up](intensity) so much that he only stopped when he fell asleep midscream on the floor. 
 -  for example, hell be playing with his toys, but then yells no and [throws his toys](intensity) 
 - this morning she was painting a picture and started painting her hands instead and i said [dont do that](tantrum reason) sweetheart, and she started a [melt down](intensity) that lasted just over [2.5 hours]
(length)...i ended up [crying my eyes out](parent sentiment)  (a first since she was born) but she just stood in front of me [stamping](intensity) her feet screaming her lungs out.
 - oh came in from work and being friday he decided he wanted a glass of wine.
dd decided [she wanted](tantrum reason) one too. she went [batshit crazy](intensity) when we said [she couldnt](tantrum reason) have one. shes still asking for it.
 - so tonight she screamed [all through](length) getting ready for [bed](setting), we [worked out](parent reaction) she wanted to.colour so explained first story, then sleep, them.colouring and she was fine with that.
 -  shes recently become completely enamored with bubbles, and of course today (with mom traveling) she wanted to hold the container so she could [do it herself](tantrum reason). of course it ended up all over her and as i took her up to bathe her she had a [total meltdown](intensity)
 - he [throws himself](intensity) on the floor, wont look at me when im trying to explain why hes upset me or what hes done wrong, [punches](intensity) me, screams he doesnt lovelikewant me wants his other mummy which is his dads girlfriend they dont allow him to call her mummy so hes saying it too upset me, he told me today he wants to live with his dad not mummy because he doesnt love me anymore, he would rather go on the [naughty step](parent reaction) than apologise.

ive tried [ignoring](parent reaction) him, [shouting](parent reaction), [smacking](parent reaction) his bum, [naughty chairstep](parent reaction), [sending him to bed](parent reaction) and [taking toys](parent reaction) off him but [nothing is working](parent sentiment) at the moment.
 - im [unsure](parent sentiment) if she understands me since shes pretty non verbal.
 - we were at a [bookshop](setting) and they had a little cave set up for the kids with books and toys. we had to leave and my then2 yo obviously [didnt want to](tantrum reason). i had to carry a [screaming and kicking](intensity) child through the city and he just [kept on and on](length)
 - the group then sat in a [group](setting) for music time. dd sat in the middle and had the [mother of all tantrums](intensity)  [screaming](intensity), rolling around the floor, tears falling down her face  not helped by another child stealing her chair. every time i got up to [comfort](parent reaction) her she notched up the volume so [i ignored](parent reaction) her.
 - a little while ago, my daughter handed me a rubber band. i took it, saying oh, is this for me thank you it was not for me apparently. cue tantrum with tears, [red face](intensity) and a [floor flop](intensity). awesome. i tried to give it back, saying sorry. also not cool. more tears. then she asked to be picked up, was nice about it, even said peas. [picked her up](parent reaction), apparently i was not supposed to do that. also not supposed to attempt putting her back down. this went on for a bit until i [distracted](parent reaction) her by taking her outside.
 - dd aged just 4yrs has been having about [3 months](timing) of tantrums. it has been exceedingly [draining](parent sentiment) and there have been times that i have felt like [crying](parent sentiment)  her mood never reflects the fun she has just had and she is constantly saying no one likes me anymore or you dont like me.
 - were currently potty training and there was a day when he didnt wanna go potty so every time he had [to pee](tantrum reason) he got stressed out. this resulted in multiple tantrums.
 - we had a (massive) [intensity]tantrum whilst out in the [park](setting) today and it took 3 adults ([holding](parent reaction), legs and swing) to get dd out of the bucketstyle swing when it was [time to go home](tantrum reason). she was clinging on with arms and legs and [screaming](intensity). i know its normal toddler behaviour but i dont seem to observe others having such extreme episodes.
 - us [not accepting him](tantrum reason) feeding us (he likes to feed us stuff he doesnt want to eat, which is right now basically everything but pbjs). well take a few bites sometimes because its sweet but sometimes we have to say no now its your turn to eat
 - once he [screams](intensity) it doesnt stop, im [at a loss](parent sentiment). he doesnt sleep well anymore either and only [wants me](tantrum reason). a bunch of people told me his increase in separation anxiety with me is totally normal for his age, and apparently so are the tantrums. its [exhausting](parent sentiment).
 - [throwing himself](intensity) on the ground in the snowmudpuddle when [he doesnt want](tantrum reason) to do whatever we are doinggo wherever we are goingsomething completely random i cant understand and yet has annoyed him deeply......... then getting [hysterical](intensity) at me because hes colddirtywet and [screaming](intensity) over and over im colddirtywet mummy
 - [1 night in 3](timing) she [wakes](tantrum reason) around 2am, shouts for me and then, when i go in to her, [screams](intensity) i dont waaaant muuuuummmmmy and has a fullon [hissy fit](intensity), kicking and screaming, throwing toys out of her cot, etc. i then exit the room and she shouts for me to come back, [we repeat](parent reaction) a couple of times, then she finally calms down and goes to sleep. but she has woken the entire household in the meantime.
 - my ds (21 months) has started [headbutting](intensity) walls  floors anything else when he has a temper tantrum. if he doesnt get it right first time, he has another go.

he isnt talking yet and im sure its just temper  frustration but im [worried](parent sentiment) hes really going to hurt himself or cause lasting damage.
 - i used to [ignore it](parent reaction), and [leave the room](parent reaction) (couldnt bear to watch).
 - yesterday ive had a plate [thrown](intensity) at my face, he has a [tendency](timing) to [throw](intensity) stuff a lot [nowadays](timing) and always responds with no.
 - other kids were also playing and he got upset that they were encroaching upon his doors. i told him to calm down or we would leave, which made him more upset. i picked him up and he started [screaming]. 
 - he immediately started [screaming bloody murder](intensity) the second i grabbed his hand to start walking and [went limp](intensity) every time i tried to walk with him. i tried to make it a game a said come on, lets race, but it wasnt enough. 

 - my dt has been [banging](intensity) her head on the floor in a [rage](intensity) when she doesnt get her [own way](tantrum reason) for [as long as i can remember](timing) (shes now 19 months). i try to [pick her up](parent reaction) and [stop her](parent reaction), or put her on the sofa where she cant do as much damage to herself. 
 - weve been taking her [to her room](parent reaction) until she calms down, but it typically takes a good [30 min](length) of her [screaming](intensity) with my husband in the room with her until shes done
 - ds is upstairs having a [mega tantrum](intensity) (2.8) this has been going on since 1020.
the trigger was brushing his teeth and going to the loo so we could go out (to a toddler group at the library which we will have now missed). he is still lying on the floor crying if i go near him, he starts [screaming](intensity) again, he is still [refusing](tantrum reason) to brush his teeth so we are at a stand off.
i am [gutted](parent sentiment) as his sister (8 weeks old) will wake up soon and i wanted to give him some nice one on one mummy time (at the group )while his sister slept, instead he has yelled for [40 mins](length).
 - [currently](timing) ds has a [bad habit](timing) of [throwing](intensity), [hitting](intensity), [kicking](intensity) etc which is [driving me mad](parent sentiment) we do time ins where they get a 5 second [countdown](parent reaction) to stop doing something and if they are still climbing, throwing, driving me mad then they have to sit with me for 60 seconds while we [count down](parent reaction). normally involves having to hold them while they try and escape, wriggle, struggle etc but after the time they will 90 of the time say sorry and give me a kiss or hug.
 - the boy is a really fun and sweet kid, but hes developing some kind of [extreme tantrums](intensity) and maybe [separation anxiety](tantrum reason) or something like that  no diagnosis yet  and were [not sure what to do](parent sentiment)

 - by some miracle i was able to put a diaper and pajamas on him, but i was left in shock at how he could go from little boy to [pissed off demon](intensity) in .05 
 - this can last for [30  45 min](length) and its driving me [crazy](parent sentiment). i [refuse to give in](parent reaction) to this bad behavior, but im [wondering](parent sentiment) if there isnt a better way to handle these episodes.
 - to deal with her [emotions](parent reaction) a little better
 - [this morning](timing) he had a [huge](intensity) tantrum because [he didnt want](tantrum reason) to go to nursery, then [he did want](tantrum reason) to, then he didnt, then he did...by this stage we were at the nursery gates and although hed decided he did want to go hed got himself so worked up he was [inconsolable](intensity).
 - there were [tears](intensity). there was [yelling](intensity). there was [waving of arms](intensity) and being an absolute [shithead](intensity). 
 - [last night](timing) she had a tantrum because [i took](tantrum reason) her top off before dinner, its a lovely top that i didnt want to get tomato stains on it. [i did weep](parent sentiment) quietly because she didnt eat her dinner and i had really nearly killed myself gettig it cooked.
 - my dd has been having a tantrum for the past [45 minutes](length). i usually try to [ignore](parent reaction), but ive now tried every [distraction](parent reaction) i can think of, to no avail. i guess she is just going to [scream](intensity) until she wears herself out.
 - [baby](tantrum reason) was in nicu for 6 days and just got her home 2 days ago. my toddler has been so sensitive and have been throwing tantrums all day. i try to include her in as much as i can but still [not enough](parent sentiment). 
 -  [lately](timing) frustration has set in and he is becoming very [nasty](intensity), [biting](intensity), [lashing out](intensity), getting angry when people talk to him.
 -  i will also admit [i cried](parent sentiment) week before last when my 2.2 year old [refused](tantrum reason) to eat his dinner and was generally being a [little shit](parent sentiment). i put him in the [naughty corner](parent reaction) but he thinks its a game and so stood there and laughed.
 - i love our [parents](parentfamily involvement) for helping and we are so grateful to have so much support, but i feel like my boy has been [ruined into](parentfamily involvement) a whiney, demanding, spoiled brat 
 - when [told no](tantrum reason) or [asked to](tantrum reason) stay away from something, she immediately [throws herself](intensity) on the floor screaming. sometimes whatever is in her hands gets [launched](intensity) or more recently she [squeezes](intensity) whatever the thing is (for example teddy) so hard and her face screws up  its like shes baring her teeth like a dog
 - manage behaviour 
 - my dd is 20 months and has some spectacular tantrums ,she [hits her own head](intensity), though she hasnt ever hit anyone else,the tantrums are [usually](timing) when were leaving the park for example,and she [doesnt want to](tantrum reason),but the [huge](intensity) ones are when i try to say no to a [breastfeed](tantrum reason) 
 - i tried [taking her outside](parent reaction), she demanded to be put down, and then [flung herself](intensity) on the ground, [kicking and screaming](intensity). she refused to stand up, and after carrying her about, resisting with all her might, i just brought her back inside. things she normally loves, like the neighbours dog  did not [distract her](parent reaction) at all.

 - he will not stay in his bed. one us us [have to](tantrum reason) lie with him or he just gets up at [screems](intensity) and [shouts](intensity). he wakes up two or 3 times per night [screaming](intensity) to get in our bed.
 - if you didnt see us at [the park](setting), you could follow the trail of [screams](intensity)  and find us. 
 - my 20 month old daughter has [recently](timing) taken to throwing tantrums for everything
 - he [screamed](intensity) like he was in fire or being beaten. everyone in kohls gave him sympathy and [looked at](parent sentiment) my mom and i like we are awful. i finally [gave up](parent reaction) and bought what he wanted
 - my 2 yo is so over her car seat being buckled. she screams [bloody murder](intensity) saying shes stuck every time i buckle her up. she is also giving me a [hard time](parent sentiment) with diapers at night since shes potty trained during the day.
 - he can be v good but, when he is not, he will not do what he is told (at all  not just a bit), he will [fling himself](intensity) on the floor if things do [not go his way](tantrum reason) have a [huge](intensity) strop if dad wont carry him when he is tired (acc to him), is more picky about food (has always been a good eater and is eating but it is hard work) and will [hit](intensity) out at dh and i
 - whilst i was in the [kitchen](setting) sorting out her lunch box for nursery, she made her way into my room and pulled out everything in my chest of draws and wardrobe that she could reach. by this point i cant even [muster the energy](parent sentiment) to tell her off and just [want to cry](parent sentiment).

shes [bit me](intensity) on the hip, repeatedly [hit me](intensity) and is now walking round [screaming](intensity) because ive told her its not time to go out yet. my head hurts so much i now feel sick.

 - but [over there](family parent involvement) he gets waffles, chocolate milk, juice, treats, toys, presents, and no discipline. 
 - she tends to not listen to what we say to her and can be very [emotionally demanding](parent sentiment) and a bit of a [rollercoaster](intensity)
 - ds is 21 months, and used to tell me when he needed a new nappy, bring me the gear and lay down nicely to be changed. now hes a [writhing](intensity), [wailing](intensity) [monster](parent sentiment) who i have to wrestle to the ground then pin down for the duration, all the time holding ankles for fear of poo getting kicked everywhere.
 - something woke her screaming, and she [screamed](intensity) on my knee for 30 minutes before i [caved](parent reaction)
 - a [few days ago](timing), he started [hitting](intensity) when i would take something away from him that [he wanted](tantrum reason). 
 - behaviour
 - im pregnant and [shattered](parent sentiment), and my 2.5 year old is being such a [handful](parent sentiment)...[screaming](intensity) and whinging constantly, [hitting](intensity) and [throwing](intensity), nothing is right etc
 - papers, books, bedsheets, toys, towels, shampoo, all [strewn all over](intensity) the [rooms](setting) and up and down the stairs. im [tired](parent sentiment) and have a cold and its going to take at least an hour to clear it all up again. i [feel defeated](parent sentiment) by the mess
 - [ignoring](parent reaction) her and waiting for her to stop  she [never stops](parent sentiment), she only [screams more](intensity)
 - my newly turned 2 year old has been having [severe](intensity) tantrums. small things seem to set her off for example the swings on our swing set, i dont push high enough or good enough, so she throws a [meltdown](intensity).
 -  everything was great until he noticed that the kitchen floor is  surprise  not made of sand which means he cant dig in it. he [fucking lost it](intensity). nothing i did calmed him down, he was [hammering the shovel](intensity) on the tiles screaming for sand
 - had an [hours](length) tantrum last night because [he didnt want](tantrum reason) to put his pyjamas on for bed. [i let him](parent reaction) sleep in a t shirt and trousers but he also wanted his shoes and winter coat

 - i feel really uncomfortable with [confiscating toys](parent reaction)[naughty step](parent reaction) [behaviour charts](parent reaction) etc but need to have some way to respond. my husband thinks there needs to be some [punishment](parent reaction) like being [sent to room](parent reaction) or [corner](parent reaction) or having [toys taken](parent reaction). but i really dont want to do this  id prefer a negative consequence than a punishment if you see what i mean. so were trying to work out what to do.
 - ds1 had an [enormous](intensity) [screaming](intensity) tizzy when we got [home](setting) from preschool and had to be [manhandled](parent reaction) into the house. 
 - i have my dd in mondays ( i also have a 5 month old) and by the end of the day i feel totally at the [end of my tether](parent sentiment) and frankly a [shit mum](parent sentiment). just having to deal with the [constant](parent sentiment) arguments, talking back, strops, [meltdowns](intensity), [throwing things](intensity), [kicking](intensity)... what do i do
 - tantrums [when losing](tantrum reason)
 - when shes not happy, its [horrendous](parent sentiment) [screaming](intensity) tantrums. shes never slept right through and wakes screaming and [yelling](intensity) regularly if she [doesnt get her way](tantrum reason) over some arbitrary thing. she just screams [all the time](timing). it feels like shes been screaming since she was born. [i keep waiting](parent sentiment) and hoping shell grow out of it.
 - having a [nightmare](parent sentiment) with my youngest 2.5yr who seems to have [massive](intensity) tantrums over the most minor of offences. today in a [coffee shop](setting) he wanted a mini muffin with sprinkles. i bought him a mini muffin with sprinkles. the lady in the cafe picked up the wrong muffin......  cue [meltdown](intensity) of [epic](intensity) proportions this is not even the tip of the iceberg of the [meltdowns](intensity) we experience [daily](timing). starting to worry what the [neighbours might be thinking](parent sentiment) as his screaming is [relentless](parent sentiment)
 - she apparently started complaining while [queuing](setting), started to get really cross when dh got to front of the [queue](setting) and ended up lying face down on the floor [flailing](intensity) arms, kicking her legs, [screaming](intensity) at the top of her voice that she [wanted her mummy](tantrum reason)
 - i [cant cope](parent sentiment) with her behaviour
 -  im talking [screaming](intensity), [throwing herself](intensity) in the sand and doing her best [crocodile death roll](intensity) impression. 
 -  i think they were pretty surprised by the [intensity](intensity) of it
 - 
[everytime](timing) we take her to [peoples houses](setting) [she wants](tantrum reason) to go out side and has a [big strop](intensity) when its time to come in or [when she cant](tantrum reason) go through peoples kitchen cupboards or up their stairs etc
 - my once angelic, happy boy has turn in to an absolute [antichrist](intensity) sad i knew a [new baby](tantrum reason) would be tough for him to get used to, his poor little world has been turned upside down and he prob wondering why is this other little person is not going away, but im [at my wits end](parent sentiment) with him 
towards the baby he is very lovey dovey, but when me or my husband have baby he jst [lashes out](intensity), [bites](intensity), [screams](intensity), [kicks](intensity), [scratches](intensity), can have a complete [melt down](intensity) jst like that or else he is doing bold things that he would have never done before 
 - [every morning](timing) i get woken up by ds (22 months) [screaming](intensity) [milk](tantrum reason) he knows how to say please but only ever does so if asked. if i dont give it to him immediately (its too early, i need to go to the toilet first or im feeding dd) he [wails](intensity) and [screams](intensity) for it until he gets it  it honestly [sounds like hes in agony](intensity) or something, i dread to think what the [neighbours must think](parent sentiment) im doing to him. his noise wakes everybody up and puts me in such a [bad mood](parent sentiment) i feel like my breasts are recoiling into my body and i really dont want to feed him.

i know having a [new baby sister](tantrum reason) is most probably very difficult for him especially as he has to share the milk as well as my affections but this has been going on for longer than weve had her. [im not sure](parent sentiment) how to handle it.
 - ds responds well to us just [ignoring](parent reaction) his tantrums. so, from your examples, sitting down to eat, we just pick him up, put him in the seat, if he [screams](intensity) about it just turn our back  he will soon see hes got no audience to play up to.
[distraction](parent reaction) also works well. so maybe put your dc in their chair for dinner a couple of minutes before dinner is ready, then [give a toy](parent reaction) to play with until its ready, which should calm them down.
 - he never wants clothes on but then at the end of the day its [the same](timing) [screaming](intensity) when we have to take them off
 - honestly my son throws a ton of tantrums. when he is having a tantrum, i sit by him and do not touch him and [repeat what he wants](parent reaction). you want candy, over and over until he truly understands that i know what he wants. then he calms down and i can offer the answer and options.
 - ds1 has had a [half hour](length) tizzy [half an hour](length) of him [screaming](intensity), [sobbing](intensity) and [panicking](intensity) over nothing  [sigh](parent sentiment)...
 - timeouts  she only [screams more](intensity)
 - today he went absolutely [ballistic](intensity) cos dh went out to put the rubbish out. it culminated with him climbing onto my lap and [screeching](intensity) into my ear for almost 15 minutes, then [throwing himself](intensity) onto the floor and [pulling his hair](intensity)[banging his head](intensity) purposely against it. nothing i say will soothe himjust gets him more cross. [ignoring him](parent reaction) results in him working himself up even more. today [im ashamed](parent sentiment) to say i cried it was so bad
 - so this morning hes [screaming hysterically](intensity) to then go [downstairs](setting), obviously i [dont know if](parent sentiment) ive done the right thing to [ignore him](parent reaction) and [not arise to](parent reaction) his behaviour but then i can see its [infuriating him](intensity) a two year old [screaming](intensity) on top of [his lungs](intensity), then starts [hitting](intensity), [scramming me](intensity) even [hitting]me (intensity) to the face
 - when upset or tired, he constantly [smacks](intensity) my husband  me. we can stick him in [time out](parent reaction), [pick him up](parent reaction), and he immediately does it again. its obvious hes doing it because hes [crabby](tantrum reason)  we are all trying to help him talkwork through his [emotions](parent reaction) in a better way.
 - i have a 2.5 year old daughter whos been going through an [emotional roller coaster](intensity) the last couple of [months](timing).
 - my toddler is getting very [forceful](intensity) in his tantrums and at home i try to [ignore him](parent reaction) until he calms down, wears himself out and comes for cuddle but when we out and he is having a tantrum [i am struggling](parent sentiment) to deal with him as i cant ignore him when he is [banging his head](intensity) on the pavement and [people are staring](parent sentiment).
 - i think it was nearly [two hours](length) in the end, though i did not time it exactly. eventually she consented to a [hug](parent reaction), and [fell asleep](tantrum reason) almost instantly.
 - dd 2.9, had a paddy and lay on the floor [refusing](tantrum reason) to leave the playground. i [picked her up](parent reaction), put her under my arm and [carried her](parent reaction) out, [kicking](intensity) and [screaming](intensity)
 - mine has been very [possessive](tantrum reason) over other peoples pens and pencils [lately](timing). if he sees me or anyone using one he grabs it out of their hand, holds on tighter than seems possible, and [screams](intensity) [bloody murder](intensity) if you try to get it back.
 - my toddlers tantrums ended with him going silent, [pale and glassy eyed](intense)  like hed had a [seizure](intensity). it was very [unnerving](parent sentiment)
 - at their worst, he [clinches his fists](intensity) and [grits his teeth](intensity) and [shakes](intensity) and has a look of [sheer rage](intensity) on his face

 - as usual, i just left her to [get on with it](parent reaction) and went and made dinner while she [screamed and shouted](intensity) [upstairs](setting). i figured shes safe and shell eventually [tire herself](parent reaction) out and come downstairs
 - hell do it occasionally during the day when things go wrong for him. not really if he doesnt [get his way](tantrum reason), he has to be really offended. but if he [snaps](intensity), hes a [maniac](intensity). ive tried [holding](parent reaction) time i just hold him in a tight hug so he cant go anywhere, and [cuddle](parent reaction) him. this does seem to work but it takes 10 minutes or so

 - mine gets so upset he [stomps](intensity) his little feet until we figure out whats going on. lots of [hugs](parent reaction), lots of [breathing](parent reaction)....
 - i feel like im suppose to be the child , iv tried to [be calm](parent reaction) and [say no](parent reaction) and put him in [time out](parent reaction) but its really [mentally draining](parent sentiment) for me with all thee things that i have going on with my [mental health (ptsd)](parent sentiment) 
 - we [cant enjoy him](parent sentiment), and we now have [no time](parent sentiment) or opportunity to enjoy each other 
 - i tried the [sitting with me](parent reaction) for 60 seconds thing that someone mentioned above when ds started [hitting](intensity), but he spent the time trying to [hit](intensity) and then when the time ended started [hitting](intensity) again.
 -  it spirals downward from there. he starts [throwing things](intensity), repeatedly [yelling no](intensity)
 - my 19 month old daughter is having [daily tantrums](timing), sometimes [multiple tantrums](intensity) in one day. 
 - mine has been having [meltdowns](intensity) over seemingly everything for about [3 weeks](timing) now. i thought it was just bc [teeth](tantrum reason) were coming in.... but the teeth are through and shes still [going nuts](intensity). she [throws herself](intensity) around and i have to catch her and make sure she doesnt harm herself. and when shes tired she will [headbutt](intensity) me bc shes frustrated and then she hurts herself and cries more 
 - my jd is 20months old. over the last [3 weeks](timing), whenever i pick him up from [nursery](setting), he immediately starts to throw some sort of a tantrum. he gently [throws himself ](intensity) on the floor and sometimes does a little head bang but not hard enough to cause any marks and then cries. [once we are outside](length) and in the car hes fine and we have lots of laughs etc.
 - cant help but feel terribly [judged](parent sentiment) by all the parents there. 
 - the son, 3 in a week, has [violent](intensity) tantrums and has to be brought to [his room](parent reaction). we stay in there [with him](parent reaction) but often have to move him to his bed and try to get him to stay there. he [hits](intensity), [bites](intensity), [scratches](intensity), and will [throw anything](intensity) in his room he can get his hands on
 - as i am nearing my [due date](tantrum reason), my 1 year 5 month old boy is becoming [uncontrollable](intensity). he cannot be [calmed down](parent reaction) if he starts crying. i am handling him very carefully these days. anything little is enough to start his tantrums. and if started he does not go to anyone else and starts [hitting](intensity) and [kicking](intensity) me.
 - for [the last year](timing) she has been having the most awful tantrums. pretty much [every day](timing), sometimes [34 times a day](timing). often i dont get a chance to actually provide any interaction that i could change in the way i handle things as her tantrum will begin as soon as i walk into her room in the morning. [she will want](tantrum reason) to open the door if ive opened it or she will want to pick up a different toy or want me to pick up a different toy. its not even 7am, i havent even had caffeine yet and shes already [screaming](intensity) and [kicking](intensity) me.
 - so far today my dd2 (22months) [refused](tantrum reason) breakfast [shouting no](tantrum reason) repeatedlyplacated her by taking her to the [park](setting), where she crawled down the path to the playpark bit [screaming](intensity) buggy (her friend was pushing her dollies buggy at the time)friend duly handed over said buggy,my little treasure picked it up and threw it screaming no 
 - most of the time the things shes asking for are things that we would have no problem giving her if she just asked for them. but she jumps straight into [meltdown mode](intensity), and we cant really give her what [she wants](tantrum reason) when shes acting like that.
 - she then [didnt want to](tantrum reason) get dressed, almost strangled herself on her nursery jumper as she kept pulling at the neck. she [screamed](intensity) and screamed until she had a bad asthma attack.
once id finally [calmed her down](parent reaction), i gave her a banana (i dont usually feed her before nursery but she was so shaky i thought something healthy but sugary would help) and got her in the car.

 - we get to the [gallery](setting) and kid gets a snack and i think were golden but no, hes [ravenous as fuck](tantrum reason) and we sit down [to eat](tantrum reason) but they largely ignore us and then kid just [snaps](intensity), minutes after we order
 - my son started [screaming](intensity) at the [top of his lungs](intensity)
 - ive tried [telling him](parent reaction) he has to walk, [forcing him](parent reaction) in the buggy, [bribery](parent reaction) (lets go and find some police carsdogs to look at etc etc), [reasoning](parent reaction), but if he doesnt want to sit in it, it ends up with him [screaming](intensity), [throwing himself](intensity) to the floor (public [humiliation](parent sentiment) for me) and then me carrying him.
 - i take her to playgroups on a regular occasion and quite often she will [bite](intensity), [scream](intensity), [head butt](intensity) and even [scratch](intensity) [other toddlers](tantrum reason) that are trying to play with her. 
 - i give her a few chances to [calm down](parent reaction) so we can stay and play but i tell her we can only stay if she behaves
 - my happy, smiley and chatty 2.5 yr old has turned into a [wailing banshee](intensity).
christmas has actually been ruined by her behaviour  i was [in tears](parent sentiment) on christmas morning.
the last 2 nights we have had screaming for [2 hours](length) at [bedtime](setting). on the plus side this means she is so exhausted that shes stopped waking every fucking hour to scream.
i am [at the end of my rope](parent sentiment).
 - sometimes they are [horrible](parent sentiment)....i mean [screaming](intensity), crying, laying on the floorrunning around the house, and lasting for like [15 mins](length) we [never give in](parent reaction) to what hes having a tantrum about and we [give him the space](parent reaction) to have his tantrum without us interfering with his emotions. when hes done i try and talk to him about it(though im sure he doesnt understand)
 - he [screamed](intensity) while i bathed dd and while i made her dinner. i was [losing my shit](parent sentiment). then he fell asleep at 5.30. hurray, i thought. except now he is up for the day at 4.
i am [ridiculously tired](parent sentiment). [i dont know](parent sentiment) what im going to do today but it is already stretching ahead of me [endlessly](parent sentiment) and [i feel like crying](parent sentiment).
 - his current pattern is to sleep until about 2am and then [scream](intensity) to be taken downstairs to start the day [if we dont](tantrum reason) he has a [fullon](intensity) [screaming](intensity) tantrum for up to [90minutes](length) until he gives up and goes back to sleep (in our bed) for about an hour, getting up for the day at 5.30. i am [at a loss](parent sentiment) what to do about it. 
 - our daughter will have very [rageful](intensity) tantrums that will last up to [half an hour](length), with absolutely no way to pacify her.
 - it has been [weeks]and there have been very little changes. 
 - i hope to help her [understand her emotions](parent reaction) and find ways to cope without lashing out as [hitting](intensity) and not listening are a major problem for us 
 - [im fed up](parent sentiment) of dd [screaming](intensity) if [i leave](tantrum reason) the room.
 - whereupon she has another [massive](intensity) [kicking off ](intensity) by the second, internal door  and no one could get past her again. in the end i had to dump all our millions of bags on the floor and [drag her](parent reaction) bodily into the school office. the head teacher came out, the ladies in the office came out, and all the while i was getting evils from the [judgey](parent sentiment) bastard parents who give me the same evil stares [every morning](timing) because she is usually kicking off about something
 - then he wanted a drink so we gave him some out of my water bottle. then he screamed [blue murder](intensity) if i tried to [take it off him](tantrum reason), and managed to spill water in the process, all over himself and my bed.
 - he has a tantrum whenever [dad leaves](tantrum reason) the room, will only want to go to dad if he wants a cuddle, wants to lead dad around the house for hours and [freaks out](intensity) if he cant etc.. hes fine and loving with me the rest of the time so i dont feel particularly hurt, but it does mean that family time often feels spoilt. its been going on min. [6 months](timing) and [im worried](parent sentiment) that maybe theres some attachment problem somewhere ...
 - last weekend ended up being [that couple](parent sentiment) in the restaurant with the outofcontrol child... who was eventually hauled up and sat on the pavement for [forty minutes](length) while he continued, with the odd break to get up and [punch](intensity) the shop window...
 -  it was the end of my sons [bath](setting) (he likes baths), so i took him out of the tub and brought him into his room, where he proceed to have a [meltdown](intensity)

 - my 2 year old dd has woken up in an absolutely foul mood for a least a week now and starts the day with a really awful tantrum. it always subsides once shes had her porridge but getting her to the point of eating it is a really [struggle](parent sentiment) and not a calming start to the day for any of us. sometimes its clearly because shes had a [bad nights sleep](tantrum reason) or gone to [bed late](tantrum reason). other times i think shes just [hungry](tantrum reason) but why cant she wake up calm and happy and hungry weve recently had a [new baby](tantrum reason) which is causing some ripples in her behaviour but she was doing this a bit before that anyway.
 - 21 month dd, she [throws herself on the floor](intensity), [headbutts the door](intensity) [throws things](intensity) and [slaps](intensity) us 
 - dd2 (age 2.3) has started having [huge](intensity) huge [45 min](length) long tantrums, and worst of all is she will put her whole hand in her mouth to try and make herself vomit this is obviously [distressing](parent sentiment) to all of us, and we try to [stop her](parent reaction), to my [shame](parent sentiment) i have even smacked the offending hand (with no change in the behaviour as result).
 - dd1 had the [biggest](intensity) [melt down](intensity) and [i didnt know](parent sentiment) what to do  thankfully a lovely neighbour came out and helped me, i am on the third floor so she carried the car seat for me. [i was crying](parent sentiment) by that stage too and felt very [embaressed](parent sentiment).
 - we were travelling home in the car, short journey, he was [tired](tantrum reason) but whereas normally hed just fall asleep he started moaning , this escalated when we got home to [screaming](intensity) and [throwing](intensity) everything within reach onto the floor. he was [inconsolable](intensity) and would just wriggle away if i tried to [cuddle](parent reaction) him. 
 - dont get me wrong he has a lovely side to him too but, now this morning hes [woke](private) at 5am, he didnt fall asleep until 11pm last night, [screaming](intensity) [for daddy](tantrum reason), my partner is on nights and hes been doing this for [8 months](timing) now so its not something new
 - i end up calling my husband and waiting for him to come back with my older son to help, while holding the little one who is still [screaming bloody murder](intensity) 
 - hes had tantrums for a [few months](timing) now, but they are increasing in frequency.
 - my kid will [scream and cry](intensity) and [hit](intensity), its a [nightmare](intensity). ive tried talking to her and telling her that if shes feeling frustrated or just upset overall to tell us but to [use her words](parent reaction). ive tried doing [timeouts](parent reaction) and it [doesnt work](parent sentiment). whatever i try to do just doesnt seem to work and its [exhausting](parent sentiment) ( 
 - my two year old has become difficult to handle, he has a temper and [smacks](intensity), [scrams](intensity) me, [yanks](intensity) me quite a lot more when he cannot get his own way.
 - its almost like she just gets [angryfrustrated](tantrum reason) about something and just completely [loses it](intensity). then once its over, shes fine and smiling
 - well he [flipped out](intensity). [screamed](intensity) like a [maniac](intensity), got on his bike and started biking as fast as he couldlike i saidnear a [pond](setting)

 - if mommy puts him to bed, he will try to [cry and whine](intensity) [for daddy](tantrum reason) to sing him songs, part of our [bedtime](setting) routine, after he goes down. its [constant](timing)

 - so whenever something sets her off shes a literal [drama queen](intensity)
 - my ds is 19 months and he does tantrum but they are [usually](timing) very [quick](length), [ust a [minute or two](length), i tend to [distract](parent reaction) him and hes quite easily tricked at the moment.
 - i try to hold my ground, but sometimes just a simple trip to the [grocery store](setting) can end up being very [long and tiresome](parent sentiment).
 - [anger](intensity)
 - yesterday i locked myself in our bedroom for an hour because i [couldnt take it anymore](parent sentiment) 
 - hi. my son is in this phase at the moment and the main problem im having with him is [hitting](intensity)[scratching](intensity)[kicking](intensity). this is the only thing i [naughty step](parent reaction) him for for other misbehaviours i try to find other ways.
 - twelve month old who has incredibly [aggressive](intensity), [prolonged](length) tantrums, up to [tentwelve times a day](timing)
 - id like tips to [calm her down](parent reaction) 
 - if she was safe and it was just a tantrum i would walk away and [ignore](parent reaction). maybe [do something really interesting](parent reaction) in another room that she could hear and choose to join in with.
 - we got [home](setting) and he had a dead weight tantrum in the driveway. every time i talk to him, he makes a [screeching](intensity) noise like a dying cat. hes on his second breakfast for the day and hes still not even remotely happy. 
 - ive been [calmly](parent reaction) trying to talk to her and [offer hugs](parent reaction) but she doesnt want them. she tries to hand me a book or toy and i go to grab it and she rips it away and continues [screaming](intensity) even louder than before. this one that just ended went on for [20 minutes](length).
 - tried [calming her](parent reaction) as much as possible while simultaneously stuffing my face with as much food as i could shovel in to try and stop the shaking. she went full on [exorsist](intensity) in the high chair, so i took her out. she proceeded to cry, flip backwards when held, break out of holding my hand, etc the entire time i tried to eat.
 - basically if anything isnt done the second [she wants it](tantrum reason), or if she [hasnt got what she wants](tantrum reason)or feels she needs or i try and change the routine then she [explodes](intensity) [sobbing](intensity).
 - sometimes his tantrums start because of a clearly identified reason, like he cant have something that [he wants](tantrum reason). but it seems like most of the time, they come [out of nowhere](tantrum reason)

 - now, everything is a [battle](intensity) between us, because each of us has our [own method](parentfamily involvement) 
of dealing with him.
 - he will suddenly start shouting and [screaming uncontrollably](intensity), [kicking](intensity) his legs, throwing things and no amount of [cuddles](parent reaction) and [reassurance](parent reaction) will stop it. sometimes it is because he [wants something](tantrum reason) he cant have but other times [i dont know why](tantrum reason).
i have tried to [ignore](parent reaction) and [distract](parent reaction) which works sometimes but not others. they can last [a minute](length) or at times about [half an hour](length). i am finding it very [waring](parent sentiment) and [sole destroying](parent sentiment) and would love to think he will eventually grow out of them any advise please as it is [getting me down](parent sentiment)
 - we were in a rush to leave. i put on her shoes for her. she had a [complete meltdown](intensity) because she wanted to [tie her own shoes](tantrum reason).
 - i have a two year old that can get [very upset](intensity), too.  i try to coach him, so remind him to take [deep breaths](parent reaction) to [calm down](parent reaction) or [count](parent reaction) to 3 (or 10).  i will also let him [get all the anger out](parent reaction) sometimes.  sometimes he is just [really mad](intensity) and wont listen to reason.  
 - my 3 yearold daughter has [always](timing) had, and still has, cryingtantrum episodes [every single day](timing). its [humiliating](parent sentiment). [bedtime](setting) is so [stressful](parent sentiment) [every day](timing) and this is not the only time she is [out of control](intensity).
 - i catch him and as threatened take book off him... oh my. he [turns purple](intensity) and lies on floor [screaming](intensity) the place down  real comedy tantrum. more old dears [tut](parent sentiment). i pick him up (best you can whilst pushing pram) and [keep walking](parent reaction). [tell him](parent reaction) if he doesnt stop we wont buy the stuff to make the cake.
 - hes generally wellbehaved at daycare, but he just threw his first [fullblown tantrum](intensity) at daycare this [last week](timing) 
 - its gotten to the point now where we just have to [lock him](parent reaction) in his room and let him [scream](intensity) for [10 minutes](length) before he can be reasoned with or anything in the [house](setting)
 can continue
 - my dd (3) has just started [screaming](intensity), [stamping](intensity), [throwing herself](intensity) on the floor, running away from me....
 - mil was doing up her coat and [she wanted](tantrum reason) her second bunny (it was upstairs and [we said no](tantrum reason ) she started kicked off gently at first and mil said she would get it when her coat was done up . she then started [banging](intensity) head against the wall, [kicking](intensity) and going, rolling around.
we were in the hallway so there wasnt much space so i picked her up, took her to the living room and [layed her down](parent reaction ).
she then proceeded to go [batshit](intensity) [crazy](intensity), like a [tornado](intensity), lying on the floor, grabbing everything in sight, like a box of play food and a box of tea cups and just [chucking](intensity) everything and proceeded to do a [screaming](intensity) angel around the floor amongst all the toys
 - my almost 2 year old is in the [slapping](intensity) and [punching](intensity) phase. its so bad that hes given me 4 [bloody noses](intensity) and a [black eye](intensity) in the past [6 months](timing). my pediatrician tells me its a phase but man its [rough](parent sentiment)

 - my youngest is 2.6 and in the last [2 or 3 weeks](timing) has been having the most monstrous tantrums they last ages, and no amount of [talking or hugging](parent reaction) (she wont let me) has any effect. she lies on the floor [screaming ](intensity) and when i ask her to [calm down](parent reaction) she yells i cant (think she has learnt this from older sister). the last two ended with her literally falling asleep on the floor. i have tried to work out if there is anything in common and i do think [tiredness](tantrum reason) has a lot to do with it
 - she will cry for everything we try to [calm her down](parent reaction) with. it has been like this all week so she ends up taking a late nap and then doesnt want to go to sleep at night. today i thought maybe she is getting some [new teeth](tantrum reason) in, since she has been putting her fingers in her mouth a lot, so i put some [teething](tantrum reason) gel on her gums and she fell asleep right after at nap time. 
 - my ds 3.2 was having a trantrum tonight just before bed about not being sleepy and [not wanting](tantrum reason) to go to bed (even though he must have been as we had been on a day trip today to the zoo where he was walking running everywhere).
 - she then [screamed](intensity) all round the [supermarket](setting) because i [wouldnt buy](tantrum reason) the peppa pig pasta.
and [to top it off](parent sentiment), when at home i was putting the shopping away and she climbed onto the armchair and [pushed](intensity) the cat off the back.
dh is working a bit of overtime this weekend, so im [exhausted](parent sentiment).

 - it just [seems endless](parent sentiment). [she wont](tantrum reason) hold my hand so basically if we go in a [shop](setting) i have to pick her up and endure [screaming](intensity) or else she just [trashes the place](intensity)
 - our daughter turned 2 in february and she has [recently](timing) started having [horrible tantrums](intensity). they are much more [intense](intensity), [screaming](intensity), [kicking](intensity), [crying](intensity), and [longer, 12 hr  1 hour], (length) than what we experienced with our 5 year old son
 - she has a tantrum when its time to get dressed or put shoes on. tantrum when i brush her teeth, tantrum at coming out the bath, its just [non stop](timing)
 - i am wanting to help build my childs ability to deal with [frustration](tantrum reason). she tends to immediately get upset when something is difficult for her to do.
 - his behaviour 
 - my 20 month old toddler is [testing me to the limit](parent sentiment). he throws [mighty](intensity) tantrums. i can barely control him as he [thrashes](intensity) about like a wild animal  literally. he [hits](intensity) me in the face, his legs collapse beneath him like a rag doll, he [throws himself](intensity) onto all surfaces  concretecorners of furniturewet muddy grass verges etc. 
 - sitting at home [crying](parent sentiment) following my 2.5 year old sons largest [meltdown](intensity) in ever. im talking repeated [bites](intensity) with one that [drew blood](intensity), [screaming](intensity), [thrashing](intensity), and [throwing objects](intensity). all because i removed him from the power wheel he climbed in at walmart
 - she has never stayed in the nursery. each time she would [scream](intensity) cry until they would come and get us. she stays in [the service](setting) with us now. 
 - my mom has told me to start taking his diaper off  [spanking him](parent reaction) twice when he hits me but im still [unsure](parent sentiment) of how i feel about doing that. i would rather try other solutions first before taking that route.
 - the reason my dd had a tantrum today is because i threw away the squashed half banana that she was using to decorate the patio doors. it lasted [over an hour](length).
 - every morning he wakes up [whining](intensity) and [crying](intensity) in his crib, instead of talking and singing like he used to. i get him up, and he continues to whine and cry

 - we tell him we are going to take a break and grab a snack at the restaurant. we sit down and he goes into [full blown meltdown](intensity) mode
 - half of the time ds is a happy cuddly little boy, unfortunately as soon as things [stop going his way](tantrum reason) he throws [huge](intensity) tantrums, [breaks things](intensity) (usually his sisters toys), and sometimes [pulls hair](intensity), [hits](intensity) and occasionally [bites](intensity).
 - to have him use more words to [express his needs](parent reaction)whats rather than [throw himself](intensity) on the ground [crying](intensity) and becoming [impossible to console](intensity) 
